BC-7905 - Update documentation on tldraw (#42)
hpi-schul-cloud/schulcloud-documentation: docs/tldraw-server/How it works.md

4. Other pods subscribing to Redis channel send updates to their connected clients via websocket whenever they see a new message on Redis channel.
5. Finally the worker will run and persist the current state of the drawing data by applying all currently available updates from valkey on top of the currently stored drawing data and update the S3 storage accordingly.

## Delete
![Delete tldraw workflow](./assets/Delete_TLDRAW.drawio.svg)

1. User from schulcloud app in CourseBoard deletes whiteboard (tldraw) instance form CardBoard.
2. Having drawingName schulcloud-server is removing Representation data in schulcloud-database - BoardNodes collection ( drawingName === BoardNode id)
3. Schulcloud-server is calling tldraw-server to delete all data that has given id.
4. Tldraw-server sends a delete action via websocket to inform connected clients and also marks the document as "to be deleted" in the valkey db.
5. After deletion user sees refreshed state of CourseBoard. 
6. Finally the worker will run, clear all updates and data from the valkey db and delete the drawing data from the S3 storage.

## Assets
### files upload

> Images/GIFs can be uploaded into tldraw whiteboard by every user with access to the board. We use S3 storage to physically store uploaded assets while tldraw only holds URL to a resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Images/GIFs can be uploaded into tldraw whiteboard by every user with access to the board. We use  SVS FileStorageService to physically store uploaded assets while tldraw only holds URL to a resource.
```
Hier irgendwie abgrenzen, dass wir FileStorage Service von SVS benutzen
